surah_number,ayat_number,sura_ayat_english_description,sura_ayat_arabic_description,relavant_ayat,surah_name,arabic_root_word,normalized_arabic_word,translitaration_word,english_word_subject_subject_category,english_word_sub_subject_sub_subject_category
2,255,"255. Allah. There is no god but He,-the Living, the Self-subsisting, Eternal. No slumber can seize Him nor sleep. His are all things in the heavens and on earth. Who is there can intercede in His presence except as He permitteth? He knoweth what (appeareth to His creatures as) before or after or behind them. Nor shall they compass aught of His knowledge except as He willeth. His Throne doth extend over the heavens and the earth, and He feeleth no fatigue in guarding and preserving them for He is the Most High, the Supreme (in glory).",اللَّهُ لَا إِلَٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ الْحَيُّ الْقَيُّومُ ۚ لَا تَأْخُذُهُ سِنَةٌ وَلَا نَوْمٌ ۚ لَهُ مَا فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ وَمَا فِي الْأَرْضِ ۗ مَنْ ذَا الَّذِي يَشْفَعُ عِنْدَهُ إِلَّا بِإِذْنِهِ ۚ يَعْلَمُ مَا بَيْنَ أَيْدِيهِمْ وَمَا خَلْفَهُمْ ۖ وَلَا يُحِيطُونَ بِشَيْءٍ مِنْ عِلْمِهِ إِلَّا بِمَا شَاءَ ۚ وَسِعَ كُرْسِيُّهُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضَ ۖ وَلَا يَئُودُهُ حِفْظُهُمَا ۚ وَهُوَ الْعَلِيُّ الْعَظِيمُ,Action Shall be Judged by  Intention,Bakarah,"Note: During the Initial Load of Sura Ayat table,  Columns G H, I, J and K will be left empty. Once the Ayat-Word Main Table has been built then read that table and for each row read, update column G,H, I, K and K - based on the data in Column D, E, F, G and H of the Ayat Word Main Table","Note: During the Initial Load of Sura Ayat table,  Columns G H, I, J and K will be left empty. Once the Ayat-Word Main Table has been built then read that table and for each row read, update column G,H, I, K and K - based on the data in Column D, E, F, G and H of the Ayat Word Main Table","Note: During the Initial Load of Sura Ayat table,  Columns G H, I, J and K will be left empty. Once the Ayat-Word Main Table has been built then read that table and for each row read, update column G,H, I, K and K - based on the data in Column D, E, F, G and H of the Ayat Word Main Table","Same Note apples as in colmns G,H, I, and K. This is how this column will look like once the field is updated      Allah, Attribute, Ever Living, All Sustainer, Oneness of Allah, Greatest Name of Allah, Virtue of Ayat al Kursi, Overtakes, Slumber, Sleep, Belongs, Heaven, Earth, Words Used in Pair, Intercession, Permission, Knows, Before Them, Behind Them, Encompass, Anything, Knowledge, Allah's Will, Throne, Extends, Heaven, Tires, Guarding, Most High, Most Great, Everything","Note: During the Initial Load of Sura Ayat table,  Columns G H, I, J and K will be left empty. Once the Ayat-Word Main Table has been built then read that table and for each row read, update column G,H, I, K and K - based on the data in Column D, E, F, G and H of the Ayat Word Main Table"
2,256,"256. Let there be no compulsion in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error: whoever rejects evil and believes in Allah hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold, that never breaks. And Allah heareth and knoweth all things.",لَا إِكْرَاهَ فِي الدِّينِ ۖ قَدْ تَبَيَّنَ الرُّشْدُ مِنَ الْغَيِّ ۚ فَمَنْ يَكْفُرْ بِالطَّاغُوتِ وَيُؤْمِنْ بِاللَّهِ فَقَدِ اسْتَمْسَكَ بِالْعُرْوَةِ الْوُثْقَىٰ لَا انْفِصَامَ لَهَا ۗ وَاللَّهُ سَمِيعٌ عَلِيمٌ,Missing Hadith,Bakarah,,,,"Compulsion, Religion, Distinct, Right, Wrong; Disbelieve, Taghut, Evil, Believe, Allah, Grasped, Handhold, Firm, Trustworthy, Break, Allah, Attribute, All Hearer, All Knower, Freedom in Religion",